README.md, before:

# Hello! <img src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/alx4TtaDYyLE6S5Jem/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47nkmg3t8fa62rml2sjew7eb4bkyj49b6pzcvytxrn&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="35px">

[![Email Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-lightblue?style=flat-square&logo=Outlook&logoColor=white&link=mailto:b_dvorkin@niuitmo.ru)](mailto:b_dvorkin@niuitmo.ru)
[![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-0088cc?style=flat-square&labelColor=0088cc&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/adagio_sostenuto)](https://t.me/adagio_sostenuto)
![Visitors Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=worthant&style=flat-square&label=Visitors)

<p>

  I'm Boris, a student from St. Petersburg, Russia.  
  Currently studying Computer Science at [ITMO University](https://itmo.ru)  

</p>
  
|![LeetCode Stats](https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/worthant?theme=nord&font=Archivo)|[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=worthant&line_height=20&theme=ayu-mirage)](https://git.io/streak-stats)|
|:-:|:-:|
|[![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=worthant&theme=react&repo=Portfolio)](https://github.com/worthant/Portfolio)|[![Readme Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=worthant&theme=react&repo=university-projects)](https://github.com/worthant/university-projects)|

---

<details>
  <summary><h2>Wakatime stats</h2></summary>
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=worthant&layout=compact" />
</a>
</details>

Commit message:

:ledger: docs(readme): Minimise & refresh readme

README.md, after:

# Hello! <img src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/alx4TtaDYyLE6S5Jem/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47nkmg3t8fa62rml2sjew7eb4bkyj49b6pzcvytxrn&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="35px">

[![Email Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-lightblue?style=flat-square&logo=Outlook&logoColor=white&link=mailto:b_dvorkin@niuitmo.ru)](mailto:b_dvorkin@niuitmo.ru)
[![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-0088cc?style=flat-square&labelColor=0088cc&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/adagio_sostenuto)](https://t.me/adagio_sostenuto)
![Visitors Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=worthant&style=flat-square&label=Visitors)

<p>

  I'm Boris, a student from St. Petersburg, Russia.  
  Currently studying CSE at [ITMO University](https://itmo.ru)

  📒 **Learnings are documented in my [opensource educational organization](https://github.com/Imtjl#-studying-journey-beasts-)** 📒
</p>
  
|![LeetCode Stats](https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/worthant?theme=nord&font=Archivo)|[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=worthant&line_height=20&theme=ayu-mirage)](https://git.io/streak-stats)|
|:-:|:-:|

---

<details>
  <summary><h2>Wakatime stats</h2></summary>
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=worthant&layout=compact" />
</a>
</details>
